Readme change for v4(current master) (#12)
browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter: README.md

# wdio-browserstack-reporter

> The branch contains reporter for **WebdriverIO 4**, for **WebdriverIO 5** and **WebdriverIO 6** please refer to [wdio-browserstack-reporter/wdio5](https://github.com/browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter/tree/wdio5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch[[wdio-browserstack-reporter/wdio4] contains reporter for **WebdriverIO 4** and earlier  are versions. For later versions please refer to [wdio-browserstack-reporter/master](https://github.com/browserstack/wdio-browserstack-reporter/tree/master)
```

> A WebdriverIO plugin which enables BrowserStack reports on CI servers

Reviewer: peer dependencies and version bump here as well?  @harshitvasu

Author: Yes, had discussed with yash, he told it was a minor change to do that. I will do it as you mentioned it now
